2022.1 release (#22)
Mte90/Contribute-to-opensource-the-right-way: manuscript/chapter1-bio.md

The world is paying more and more attention to the opportunities of these technologies (except the Italian government in the various cities) but I see the big problem: to contribute.  
This book was written because I see a lot of young people and newcomers that ask how to do something, how to start or how it works. Because it is more important to be able to participate and contribute than to be mere users of the product for them.

## Addendum (third edition)

> Write a new edition required 2 years with the Covid pandemic that broke the flow of ideas generated during FOSS live events, but I didn't stop gathering resources and doing Open Source.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Writing a new edition required two years with the Covid pandemic that broke the flow of ideas generated during FOSS live events, but I didn't stop gathering resources and doing Open Source.  
```
